PR for SRVLOGIC-782: Add a section for upgrading the OpenShift Serverless Logic Operator from 1.37.2 to 1.38.0 (#109922)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-logic-upgrading-1-38-0-osl-operator.adoc

+
You must get an output similar to the following:
+
[source, terminal]
----
NAME            CSV                      APPROVAL   APPROVED
install-YYYY    logic-operator.v1.38.0   Manual     false
install-XXXX    logic-operator.v1.37.2   Manual     true
----

. Approve the install plan by running the following command:
+
[source, terminal]
----
$ oc patch installplan install-YYYY -n openshift-serverless-logic --type merge -p '{"spec":{"approved":true}}'
----

. Verify that the Operator upgrade completed successfully by running the following command:
+
[source, terminal]
----
$ oc get csv -n openshift-serverless-logic
----
+
You must get an output similar to the following:
+
[source, terminal]
----
NAME                     DISPLAY                               VERSION   REPLACES                 PHASE
logic-operator.v1.38.0   OpenShift Serverless Logic Operator   1.38.0    logic-operator.v1.37.2   Succeeded
----

.Verification

. If you configure `dbMigrationStrategy: job` for Data Index or Jobs Service, verify that the database initialization job exists by running the following command:
+
[source, terminal]
----
$ oc get job sonataflow-db-migrator-job -n <target_namespace> 
----

> . Verify that the Data Index database migration completed successfully by checking the job logs by running the following command:

Reviewer: I think that in this database migration job verification we have some differences with midstream:

https://github.com/openshift-knative/docs/pull/135

https://deploy-preview-135--jazzy-shortbread-5f62b7.netlify.app/docs/latest/serverless-logic/cloud/operator/upgrade-serverless-operator/upgrade_1_37_2_to_1_38_0

It has some picky differences comparing with the previous guides.

see:
<img width="1054" height="386" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ba7e6385-ece7-4ab7-9808-3bc0dbb20398" />

Author: Are you talking about the `kubectl` command? I can not use that command in the OpenShift docs. I have to use the `oc` command. Like the OpenShift alternative for the same. 

So I have tweaked the command like this: 

```
----
$ oc get jobs \
  -n <target_namespace> \
  -l app=<platform_name>,app.kubernetes.io/version=1.38.0
----
```

WDYT?

+
[source, terminal]
----
NAME            CSV                      APPROVAL   APPROVED
install-YYYY    logic-operator.v1.38.0   Manual     false
install-XXXX    logic-operator.v1.37.2   Manual     true
----

. Approve the install plan by running the following command:
+
[source, terminal]
----
$ oc patch installplan install-YYYY -n openshift-serverless-logic --type merge -p '{"spec":{"approved":true}}'
----

. Verify that the Operator upgrade completed successfully by running the following command:
+
[source, terminal]
----
$ oc get csv -n openshift-serverless-logic
----
+
You must get an output similar to the following:
+
[source, terminal]
----
NAME                     DISPLAY                               VERSION   REPLACES                 PHASE
logic-operator.v1.38.0   OpenShift Serverless Logic Operator   1.38.0    logic-operator.v1.37.2   Succeeded
----

.Verification

. If you configure `dbMigrationStrategy: job` for Data Index or Job Service, verify that the database initialization job exists by running the following command:
+
[source, terminal]
----
$ oc get jobs \
  -n <target_namespace> \
  -l app=<platform_name>,app.kubernetes.io/version=1.38.0
----

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
You will get an output similar to the following example:
+
[source, terminal]
----
NAME                                  STATUS     COMPLETIONS   DURATION   AGE
sonataflow-db-migrator-job-b81d6bb3   Complete   1/1           15s        16m
----
```

> . Verify that the Data Index database migration completed successfully by checking the job logs by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. You can verify the job logs by running the following command:
```

Author: If I convert this into a step, I will have to start with the action. So instead of `You can`, I have changed the step into `Verify the job logs by running the following command:`

+
[source, terminal]
----

> $ oc logs job/sonataflow-db-migrator-job -n <target_namespace>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ oc logs job/sonataflow-db-migrator-job-b81d6bb3 <target_namespace>
```

----
+

> You will get an output similar to the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> [source, terminal]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> NAME                                  STATUS     COMPLETIONS   DURATION   AGE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> sonataflow-db-migrator-job-b81d6bb3   Complete   1/1           15s        16m

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
